Use the same instance from the incident to run the scripts from the layout (#34413)
demisto/content: Packs/CheckPointHEC/ReleaseNotes/1_1_2.md

#### Scripts

##### SendCPAction

> - Fixed an issue on the command when there are multiple instances running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the script would not work properly when there are multiple instances running.
```

##### ShowCPEmailInfo

> - Fixed an issue on the command when there are multiple instances running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the script would not work properly when there are multiple instances running.
```

##### ShowCPScanInfo

> - Fixed an issue on the command when there are multiple instances running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the script would not work properly when there are multiple instances running.
```

#### Integrations

##### Check Point Harmony Email and Collaboration (HEC)

> - Updated the output of some commands by removing null fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the human-readable section in the following commands:
- **command1**
-**command2**
```
